Missing commas (#28598)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: guide/english/algorithms/sorting-algorithms/merge-sort/index.md

``` T(n) = 2 * T(n / 2) + O(n) ```

> Putting it in plain english, we break down the subproblem into two parts at every step, and we have some linear amount of work that we have to do for merging the two sorted halves together at each step. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Putting it in plain English, we break down the sub-problem into two parts at every step, we have some linear amount of work that we have to do for merging the two sorted halves together at each step. 
```

Reviewer: Please make these changes
